feat: fcc-todo-app (#51367)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-localstorage-by-building-a-todo/64faf65b22ad8d07df9be14d.md

---
id: 64faf65b22ad8d07df9be14d
title: Step 37
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-37
---

# --description--

You need to find the index of the task you want to delete first.

> Create a `dataArrIndex` variable. For the value, use `findIndex()` on `taskData`, pass in `item` as the parameter of its arrow callback, then check if the `id` of `item` is equal to the `id` of the `parentElement` of `buttonEl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `dataArrIndex` variable and set its value using the `findIndex()` method on the `taskData` array. Pass `item` as the parameter for the arrow callback function, and within the callback, check if the `id` of `item` is equal to the `id` of the `parentElement` of `buttonEl`.
```
